add monthly june 2020 (#176)
tikv/website: content/blog/monthly-june-2020.md

---
title: This Month in TiKV - June 2020
date: 2020-07-01
author: TiKV Authors
---

> How time flies! It’s halfway through the year already! We are expecting the next 6 months of this year to be as fruitful as the first 6 months this year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How time flies! It’s halfway through the year already! We are expecting the next six months of this year to be as fruitful as the first six.
```

Let’s take a look at what we have achieved in June!

## News

> [TiKV has reached general availability](https://tikv.org/blog/tikv-4.0-ga/)! Thanks to all users and contributors who helped with release, TiKV has been used by more than 1,000 adopters in production scenarios across multiple industries worldwide. Currently, we’re planning future versions of TiKV; let us know what you’d like to have in TiKV 5.0 by [opening an issue](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/new?template=feature-request.md) on Github to make feature requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[TiKV 4.0 has reached general availability](https://tikv.org/blog/tikv-4.0-ga/)! Thanks to all users and contributors who helped with the release! TiKV has been used by more than 1,000 adopters in production scenarios across multiple industries worldwide. Currently, we’re planning future versions of TiKV; let us know what you’d like to have in TiKV 5.0 by [opening an issue](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/new?template=feature-request.md) on Github.
```

The transaction special interest group (SIG-transaction) has built a [repo](https://github.com/tikv/sig-transaction) in the TiKV project! They have a focus on transactions in TiKV and TiDB, but discuss academic work and other implementations too. Recently, [@sticnarf](https://github.com/sticnarf), [@MyonKeminta](https://github.com/MyonKeminta) and [@nrc](https://github.com/nrc) have drafted a [design document](https://github.com/tikv/sig-transaction/blob/master/design/parallel-commit/initial-design.md) for Parallel Commit. Join them if you have an interest in it.

Our official [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXyuUR4qEm0HLDniz46k6sg/featured?view_as=subscriber) is available! Previously, our community meeting videos were uploaded to CNCF’s channel. Now, we have our own channel for TiKV information with two playlists, community meetings and technical demos. Subscribe to it if you’re interested in keeping up with our video information.

## Releases

> This month our team made 4 releases!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This month our team made 4 four releases.
```

You can review the changelogs here:

*   **[4.0.0](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/releases/tag/v4.0.0)**
    *   Bug fixes
*   [3.1.2](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/releases/tag/v3.1.2)
    *   Bug fixes
*   [3.0.15](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/releases/tag/v3.0.15)
    *   Bug fixes
*   [4.0.1](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/releases/tag/v4.0.1)
    *   New features
        *   Add the `--advertise-status-addr` start flag to specify the status address to advertise in [#8046](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/pull/8046)
    *   Bug fixes

## Reading materials

> In [TiKV Performance Tuning with Massive Regions](https://tikv.org/blog/tune-with-massive-regions-in-tikv/), [@Connor1996](https://github.com/Connor1996) introduces the workflow of Raftstore, explains why a massive amount of Regions affect the performance and offers 5 methods for tuning TiKV’s performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [TiKV Performance Tuning with Massive Regions](https://tikv.org/blog/tune-with-massive-regions-in-tikv/), [@Connor1996](https://github.com/Connor1996) introduces the workflow of Raftstore, explains why a large number of regions affects TiKV's performance, and offers five methods for tuning performance.
```
